The game is as follows: The start menu is generated, and allows the player to click on options, stats, etc. The user would click 'start' and then select a difficulty for easy, medium, or hard. the game begins There are 3 sprites, the player, the boss, and the background. right now i just have 1 of each, that being Naruto, Sasuke, and the Hidden Leaf We don't have to make it Naruto themed or anything, I just randomly chose those and we can absolutely change them The game has a time limit according to the difficulty the user selected, with each difficulty extending the game time by 30 seconds The user must survive until the time runs out, if they do they win. if not, there is an 'end' screen that offers to replay or exit. The replay just sends them back to the title. Each 30 seconds counts as a 'phase', with the end of each 30 second interval changing the sprites for the player, boss, and background The actual gameplay will comprise of the user completing various 'attacks' these attacks are games that would rely on memory, reaction speed, etc for example, "line attack" requires the user to stop a moving marker within a given interval. run the code to see what I mean we would code various types of attacks, perhaps up to 5(but more or less would be fine) the user would start with "hp" and lose it based on the failures in each attack game. if hp drops to or below 0, the game ends and they lose. the gameplay looks like: wait do attack game wait repeat until game ends, whether that be through time or through hp loss